D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\AddGoodPage.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\CatalogOfGoods.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\GoodsPage.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\LoginWindow.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck_Content.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.exe.config
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.exe
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.pdb
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\AddGoodPage.baml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\CatalogOfGoods.baml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\GoodsPage.baml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\LoginWindow.baml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.baml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.g.resources
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.exe
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.pdb
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\DeveloperPage.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\CategoryWindow.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\DeveloperWindow.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.baml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\DeveloperPage.baml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\CategoryWindow.baml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\DeveloperWindow.baml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\AcceptancesPage.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\AcceptanceWindow.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\cs-CZ\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ja-JP\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\AcceptancesPage.baml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\AcceptanceWindow.baml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\WriteOffPage.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\WriteOffWindow.g.cs
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\WriteOffPage.baml
D:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\WriteOffWindow.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.exe
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.pdb
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.exe.config
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.exe
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.pdb
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\cs-CZ\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ja-JP\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\AcceptancesPage.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\AddGoodPage.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\CatalogOfGoods.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\DeveloperPage.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\GoodsPage.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\WriteOffPage.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\AcceptanceWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\CategoryWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\DeveloperWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\LoginWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\WriteOffWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck_Content.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\AcceptancesPage.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\AddGoodPage.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\CatalogOfGoods.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\DeveloperPage.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\GoodsPage.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\WriteOffPage.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\AcceptanceWindow.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\CategoryWindow.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\DeveloperWindow.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\LoginWindow.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\WriteOffWindow.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.g.resources
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\SellPage.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\SellWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\SellPage.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\SellWindow.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\ReturnGoodPage.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\ReturnGoodWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\ReturnGoodPage.baml
c:\Users\Main\Documents\ЗМК\ДИПЛОМ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\ReturnGoodWindow.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\ReturnGoodPage.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\SellPage.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\ReturnGoodWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\SellWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\ReturnGoodPage.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\SellPage.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\ReturnGoodWindow.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Фатхуллин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\SellWindow.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.exe.config
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.exe
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.pdb
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\cs-CZ\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ja-JP\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\AcceptancesPage.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\AddGoodPage.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\CatalogOfGoods.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\DeveloperPage.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\GoodsPage.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\ReturnGoodPage.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\SellPage.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\WriteOffPage.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\AcceptanceWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\CategoryWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\DeveloperWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\LoginWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\ReturnGoodWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\SellWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\WriteOffWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck_Content.g.cs
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\App.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\AcceptancesPage.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\AddGoodPage.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\CatalogOfGoods.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\CategoryPage.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\DeveloperPage.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\GoodsPage.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\ReturnGoodPage.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\SellPage.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Pages\WriteOffPage.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\AcceptanceWindow.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\CategoryWindow.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\DeveloperWindow.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\LoginWindow.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\ReturnGoodWindow.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\SellWindow.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\Windows\WriteOffWindow.baml
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.g.resources
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.exe
d:\Users\Main\Documents\ДИПЛОМЫ 2021\Гудихин\WpfAssortmentCheck\obj\Debug\WpfAssortmentCheck.pdb
